##Why I started BuzzDine
A message from the Founder of BuzzDine, Will Samuels.

As our world has become increasingly hooked on digital technology, particular trends have become more and more apparent. One of them is that people, of all ages, really love to take pictures of their food. When dining at a restaurant you will consistently see people pulling out their phones and taking pictures of their dishes. What is the reason for this? And where are they posting them? First, we as humans love how things are presented. The quality of food is one thing, but the presentation is a whole different animal. Second, there isn't one particular place where people seem to always post their food pics. Some post to snapchat, some to Instagram, and lots just have them sitting in their photo library. So what's the issue? 

I thought over and over again about this growing human trend of taking pictures of food; this almost instinctual reaction that I've seen occur hundreds of times. I thought, how can we create utility and social benefit from putting these pictures to use? When users post food pictures to snapchat there's no social utility for others. You don't get the address, the phone number, comments or any of those important things you actually want to know. What about Instagram? I love Instagram, in fact, I'm an avid user--but again information regarding food is scattered. You may get a location and comments, but what about what food is hot and trending in your location? And Yelp....well, Yelp is a pain. Their platform is not user friendly and the information displayed is scattered. 

So, what did i seek to create with BuzzDine? A simple and user friendly social network platform made for foodies. A platform that allows users to search and see pictures of quality food being uploaded by their friends in real time. An outlet where users can gain a social following and actually derive helpful information from other's posts and not simply visual appeal. Most of all, a platform that has everything you need and want that you can navigate with ease.